Rephrase doc for generating workload cluster config (#3457)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/getting-started/production-environment/vsphere-getstarted.md

   ```

   Refer to the initial config described earlier for the required and optional settings.

>    Make sure the workload cluster object names (cluster, vSphereDatacenterConfig, vSphereMachineConfig, etc.) are distinct from the management cluster object names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Ensure workload cluster object names (`Cluster`, `vSphereDatacenterConfig`, `vSphereMachineConfig`, etc.) are distinct from management cluster object names.
```
